Update find command (#199)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-W12-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

### Finding people and their related pairs: `find`

Finds any elderly or volunteers matching **all** the relevant specified fields, and pairings that they are involved in.

Format: `find [n/NAME] [ic/NRIC] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [bd/BIRTH_DATE] [re/REGION] [r/RISK_LEVEL] [mt/MEDICAL_QUALIFICATIONS] [t/TAG] [dr/AVAILABLE_DATE_START, AVAILABLE_DATE_END]`

* Fields can be in any order.
* The fields are optional so any combination of them is possible but **at least one** field must be specified.
* The search is case-insensitive for all fields. e.g. `jANe` will match `Jane`.

> * Elderly specific fields will not be searched for in the volunteer list and vice versa which means `find r/HIGH` will still list all of the volunteers and `find mt/cpr basic` will still list all of the elderly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Elderly specific fields will not be searched for in the volunteer list and vice versa
  * `find r/HIGH` will show all  volunteers since volunteers do not contain risk level field
  * `find mt/cpr basic` will show all elderly since elderly do not contain medical qualifications field
```

* `[n/NAME]` `[ic/NRIC]` `[p/PHONE_NUMBER]` `[e/EMAIL]` `[a/ADDRESS]` `[t/TAG]` need not be specified in full e.g. `Joh` for the `n/NAME` field will match `John` and `John Doe`.
    * Such fields can contain any value but cannot be empty.
* `[r/RISK_LEVEL]`, `[bd/BIRTH_DATE]`, `[re/REGION]` and `[dr/AVAILABLE_DATE_START, AVAILABLE_DATE_END]` are required to be fully specified.
    * Such fields have to be valid.
* For `[dr/AVAILABLE_DATE_START, AVAILABLE_DATE_END]` date ranges that starts before or equal to `AVAILABLE_DATE_START` and ends after or equal to `AVAILABLE_DATE_END` will match.

> * For `[mt/MEDICAL_QUALIFICATIONS]` you can either specify just the type e.g. `mt/cpr` or the type and its level separated by coma e.g. `mt/cpr, basic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For `[mt/MEDICAL_QUALIFICATIONS]` you can either specify just the type e.g. `mt/cpr` or the type and its level separated by comma e.g. `mt/cpr, basic`.
```
